Uber's I'm on the way to Dave's farm
just leaving North baby now just went
and filled up some gadgets and we're
still making my way there according to
my GPS gonna take me five and a half
hours to pull this off we'll see
all right I'll fill more in the room
already guys just cleared North Bay we
got about five and a half hours to go
lay in a course for Dave's farm
engage
now I'm just gonna stop off at the local
Hortons get another coffee go to the
washroom and then go over to the gas
station right next door and fill her out
so that's where we are now you know keep
you up just a quick update for you I'm
coming up on Stratford now I'm on
highway seven eight and I would say
strapper it's probably about another 20
minutes away or so so I'll give you the
baby
guys we're in Stratford now God does
this place have it bring back memories I
used to come here all the time five
years ago to visit my friends they all
move down here and they get jobs used to
hang out here all the friggin time they
got a Taco Bell oh man sweet come
fucking North Bay doesn't have a Taco
Bell all right Oh next up I got to find
Erie streets take it down to highway
seven and then take Highway seven up to
highway four and then it's motherfuckin
Dave's farm bitches came out of the LC
here and Lucan and I bought two twenty
eighths of course these fuckers don't
have James ready that's faking gay well
on my way to Dee's farm now let's see if
I can find it
guys I made it motor running
there's the Chevy act
the destroyer
I believe over there is the tabletop
where pug destroyed is back right now
I'm the first one here so I'll film more
when more people show up